Update docs regarding new support for private git `go get` (#837)
zeit/docs: pages/docs/v2/deployments/official-builders/go-now-go.mdx

  level.
</Note>

### Private packages

To install private packages with `go get`, define `GIT_CREDENTIALS` as a [build environment variable](/docs/v2/deployments/configuration#build-env) in `now.json`.

> All major Git providers are supported including GitHub, GitLab, Bitbucket, as well as self-host Git server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All major Git providers are supported including GitHub, GitLab, Bitbucket, as well as a self-hosted Git server.
```

> With GitHub, you will need to create personal token with permission to access your private repository. [Generate new token](https://github.com/settings/tokens)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With GitHub, you will need to [create a personal token](https://github.com/settings/tokens) with permission to access your private repository. 
```
